Warning.
The stunts in this movie were performed by
professionals.
So for your safety and the protection of
those around you. do not attempt any of
the stunts you're about to see.
All this nice and light Smith & Wesson.
It's got all the stopping power
of a 9mm and I'll be getting
shot in the chest with this
9-11 Level 2A Kevlar vest.
Oh. and to absorb some of the impact from
the bullet. I'll be putting these
magazines. a couple of Hustlers
and a couple of leg worlds.
under the vest to avoid any
and all blunt force trauma.
Alright.
That's why I'd rather someone else shoot
me.
Like that. Jason?
Looks pretty good.
I can't handle this. dude.
Dude. don't be stupid.
Say a prayer. dude.
This is beyond dumb.
Let's fucking go.
Now you gotta go the whole way around.
You sure?
I can't handle this.
PJ. let's fucking go.
Find out where the bullet went.
PJ.
Come on. man.
PJ. let's fucking go.
I'm about to throw a fucking rock at you.
Let's go.
No.
It's the next one.
PJ. come on.
I can't handle this.
Make sure you got it. fucking.
PJ.
This is so fucking lame. I can't even tell
you right now.
Forget it.
Let's go.
Let's go. dude.
Just go.
Put it in that thing and go.
Didn't hurt?
No. I was kind of just scared.
though.
So you didn't even leave a fucking...
Dude. I told you guys.
Look at the powder burn.
I know.
Yeah. I was shaking a little.
You guys want to go watch it on the TV?
Fuck yeah.
Smile.
This is going to be great.
Walk away. back away.
back away. back away.
Hello. I'm Johnny Knoxville.
Welcome to Jackass.
Ow!
Welcome to the first day of our final
film.
What are you feeling?
Uh. I'm sad.
How come?
I guess. uh. a big part of my life is.
uh. almost over.
Does it make you sad. Chris?
No. I'm not in touch with my emotions.
So we have a new Jackass cast member.
His name's 1W Larry.
He's a humanoid robot.
And voicing that robot is Mr. Adam Ray.
And you're going to be
making history today with
the first. uh. robot to
human prostate exam.
This is what Jackass looks like at 50.
I guess.
We are of that age where we have to get
prostate exams.
Yes. this is something.
So we hired the finest.
You see the finger on that thing?
I did.
Yeah. that's not a finger. by the way.
It's a claw.
You're going to run into some trouble.
It's not there.
It's this side that's all sharp.
How many times have you done this.
Larry?
Once.
To myself.
In the car on the way over.
Let's let it rip. baby.
Maybe letting it rip is a bad choice of
words.
I'm Steve-O and prostate health is super
important.
So. this is the robot rectal exam.
Yadda. yadda. yadda. take your pants off.
Non-lubricated condoms.
No. we have lube.
Oh my god. it's so sharp.
Here. let's go put a little lube on for
you.
Crunchy peanut butter.
Why crunchy?
Drop the laundry.
Oh my god.
Give me one more.
Oh gross.
Now. be tired.
Wait. wait. wait.
Wait. wait.
Wait.
On my cue.
There we go. there we go.
Steve. what are you doing?
Is your chocolate in his peanut butter or
his peanut butter in your chocolate?
More peanut butter. please.
More peanut butter.
More peanut butter. don't get it on my
jacket.
Oh. my God.
There we go.
There you go.
No. that's it.
That's it.
Go. go. go.
Steve. go in. go in. Nate.
Get down.
Keep doing it.
Oh. my God.
Get over.
Do you want me to call your dad?
Oh. my God.
Hey. Larry. let lame-mail your finger.
It'll be my pleasure.
Come on. Lance.
Smell it.
It's not that bad.
Yep. yep.
Got him.
I have one more thing I need to do.
Give you a reach around.
I'll help you.
Okay. here we go.
We got this.
Teamwork makes the dream work.
Did I mention I've been drinking today?
Here we go.
Oh. my God.
This might be a bad time to tell you my
license was revoked last week.
Good job. Steve-o.
Can I ask a question?
Yeah.
Why is this the last movie?
Well. I can't ride red
rockets or bulls anymore.
so it felt like the
natural place to stop.
Yeah. I'm certainly not going to ride
those rockets or the bulls.
You know. we were talking. it's like.
you know. we got all this footage no one's
seen before or barely seen and we can pick
our all-time favorite bits and shoot some
new footage and I'll get to see the
Warhammer again.
Well. if a scene requires
me to get into my
birthday suit. the
answer just might be yes.
Okay. this is called the golf course air
horn.
When people tee off. when
they're coming down with
their swing. we're going
to blow these air horns.
Here she goes again.
No. is there another one?
She still hit it pretty good.
What'd I tell you?
Here. you've lost your club.
Kick your ass?
Sorry.
Didn't I tell you I'm going to come over
here and kick your ass with that?
What?
I'm sorry. I got bursitis.
You got bursitis?
Yeah.
So that means you got to play with the
horn?
It helps.
I'll give you something to play with now.
Sorry. it won't happen again.
Get back.
Get down. get down.
Watch this.
Wait. wait.
Get down.
Wait.
Oh.
Oh. fuck.
Hello. my name's Johnny Knoxville.
This is Tori Belecci. international
scientist.
This is Follow the Leader.
So what's going to happen is Knoxville is
going to move his arm and an electrical
signal will go into the computer and then
he will be able to control your arms.
What?
So all you need to do is flex your muscle.
No problem.
Oh!
Oh my.
Holy shit!
What?
What the heck?
That's a lot of electroids.
Can we get a poopies of coffee.
please?
How hot is that coffee?
Hot.
Have a little bit of coffee. poopies.
I'm sure it'll be good.
I think somebody needs to shave.
Here is almost new shaver.
Couple of weeks old.
Just start shaving.
You gotta get it.
Oh. you got it.
Yeah. that's good.
That's good.
I like it. yeah.
Lance. why are you not looking?
It's not looking.
Hey. poopies.
You gotta get it underneath.
I know what you want me to do and...
I'll do it.
Yeah. yeah.
Doing good.
Oh my God.
Hit the middle. hit the middle.
hit the middle.
It looks so graceful.
Oh!
Oh. the close shave.
Zach does not. as of yet. have a tattoo
from me.
Oh. okay.
Well. let's do Zach.
Yeah.
And what tattoo are you giving?
I'm gonna give Zach a nice nipple smiley
face.
It's a beautiful canvas.
Ah!
I mean. you wanted me to have the fucking
art on there.
Why are you yelling at me?
I would like this to come out good.
Me too.
I'm on your side.
All right.
I promise.
Okay. don't mess this up. Sebo.
Steady hand.
Ah!
Sorry.
Okay.
That one's even close.
I'm not doing it yet.
Okay.
I'm doing it!
Ah!
Oh!
How did that feel?
Not good.
Holy shit.
That's pretty awesome.
Oh my god.
Great job. Poopy.
Thank you.
Great job. Tori.
Thanks. Steve-O and Zach.
And thank God. Bunny the lifeguard's here
to make everything safe.
Thank you.
I really don't... I still don't understand
why they asked for a lifeguard on duty.
but it's better to have one and not need
him than to need him and not have one.
Well. the convict bit. we've always wanted
to include in our movies.
We shot it for the pilot of the TV show
and got shut down.
Our crew member got arrested.
MTV couldn't shoot in West Hollywood for
10 years. so no one's really seen it.
It's been sitting there for 25 years.
It was total chaos.
Today. I'm going to be an escapee from the
L.A.
County Jail and go into a hardware store
and see if they'll lend me a hacksaw.
Ow.
Can you see the lens?
Okay.
Do I need some dirt on my face?
You need some on his neck. too.
Is my shirt too flasky?
Can they smack him in?
Yeah. that helps.
Thanks.
I need some help.
Okay.
I need some... I need a saw. a saw.
Let me get somebody. okay?
Help me!
Excuse me. what's going on?
I wouldn't touch them.
Someone help me!
We're kind of closed for right now.
We're not letting anybody in.
TJ. I'm calling you cops.
He's probably an escapee from the jail or
somewhere.
Handcuffed in the sheriff's jumpsuit?
Get on.
Hello. my name's Johnny Nachman.
I'm about to be arrested.
Fuck.
Oh. fuck.
No way.
What should we do?
Dude.
Keep going. dude.
I have a good explanation for this.
How come you're not in jail?
Because I don't belong there.
How'd you get out?
I was never in jail.
What is this in the back?
That's a microphone.
For what?
Because we're filming.
You're filming!
Yes. ma'am.
That is really stupid!
What's going on over here?
I don't know.
This guy's gay.
We didn't mean to cause a ruckus.
Well. you're wearing an L.A.
County jumpsuit with handcuffs on.
What do you think?
Yeah. I guess I wasn't thinking to.
I apologize.
You got a camera on you?
Is it off?
It's on.
It's on?
Are you filming this?
Turn it off!
So. upon arrival today. we were informed
by Mr. Cliver that our production manager
informed us we were officially
on hiatus kind of suspension
because of the incident
yesterday at the hardware store.
But. uh. I guess this show may get to air.
it may not.
Anything to add. Jeff?
I do not.
Let's just think about the poo cocktail
today.
Right.
We're focusing on the poo cocktail.
My name's Johnny Knoxville and this is the
poo cocktail.
I think it was about 10 years ago today
that I was doing the first poo cocktail
and now you're taking the reins and taking
it to a whole other level.
I'm Steve-O and this is the poo cocktail
supreme.
Alright.
Good luck.
You ready. Steve-O?
No.
Order up!
Poo cocktail supreme!
Oh my god.
It's gonna be ugly.
I don't know if you want to see us.
Oh my god.
Oh. Jesus.
Jump in that leg right now.
Oh my god.
Jesus.
Yeah. dude.
That was rad.
It went so high.
It was so scary.
This is the kind of extreme shit that
those extreme dudes don't even think of.
I mean. that had it all.
That had danger.
It had shit.
It had puke.
That's what this show's all about.
And sexy appeal.
Do it!
What an idiot.
What's up. players?
Hey. Larry.
Where you been?
I had a few strawberry white claws in the
green room.
He's drunk.
He's had a couple of drinks.
He's a little wobbly right now.
We're about to give Poopy's lip injections
to make him 23% more gorgeous.
Finally.
Oh my god. she got you!
Hello. Dr. Julie.
Hello.
Hi.
This is Poopy's and we want to make him
more handsome with some lip injections.
Can you help us?
Yes.
Holy shit.
Are you serious?
So during this whole movie. I'm gonna have
the biggest lips.
You're gonna have the most beautiful lips.
Oh my god.
I'm Poopy's and this is lip filler.
Okay. normally people get numbing.
but... No. you don't.
No. no numbing.
What is this you're putting in?
This is hyaluronic acid.
Oh. this is it.
Sounds safe.
Don't move either.
Stay still.
Oh my god.
You're gonna get so much work after this.
Oh shit!
Yeah!
Now we're doing good.
Holy shit. brother.
Alright. we can go bigger.
We can go bigger.
Now we're gonna do the bottom.
Ew.
What the fuck is this?
Awesome Poopy's.
Is it supposed to have the right side be
bigger?
What a stupid fucking question.
Aaron.
I think I can probably put just a little
bit more and that's it.
Oh. fuck.
It's turning white.
What the fuck?
I look more like one of those botched
fucking housewives.
Can we do Aaron next?
Yeah.
What if we need to fix that Lego face?
Oh. fuck it.
This girl loves me and shit.
I think it looks good.
Alright. way to go. Poopy's.
Yeah!
On Jackass Forever. Knoxville and I are
just interviewing the new guys and
straight up like. Poopy's. are you afraid
of anything?
He's like. oh well. I'll tell you what.
I don't like the dark.
I don't like. you know.
just like... Laying it all out.
But I don't think Bam ever told us he was
scared of snakes.
We just kinda happened to figure it out
when snakes came out.
Once we figured that out. it sure rode a
lot of bits.
You know. the worse the experience is.
the better it looks on screen.
So today. we're gonna
bring the cast into this
room two at a time to
shoot a rattlesnake stunt.
But that's just a ruse to get
them in here so we can lock the
door. turn out the lights.
and make their life a living hell.
This is Silence of the Lambs.
Did you hear that?
What is it?
That's a rattlesnake.
No. it isn't.
It is.
Oh. really?
But you're not a part of this thing.
You're a peanut gallery.
He's got a Western Diamondback
rattlesnake.
He's gonna release it on the ground.
Pontius is gonna take a
cookie and set it on its head. and
then I'm going to try and
take the cookie off its head.
And this is a Western Diamondback
rattlesnake.
It's about five feet in change.
Very. very venomous.
He will bite you if you get two furs.
and he will kill you. or try to.
I'm not kidding.
Whoa.
Ready?
I'm gonna pass it back.
This is fucking nothing.
Whoa.
Shit. dude.
Oh.
Dude.
Oh. fuck.
Oh. my God.
Jesus.
They can strike so fast.
He will actually be good. Johnny.
Keep watching for a second.
Can you feel my heart?
Wow. dude.
Alright.
It's going as fast as that rattlesnake.
I'm really scared for Johnny right now.
Alright. let's put the snake light in
these guys' mics.
Time to do this.
They're cute.
They're a big-ass snake.
It's not a hell.
Alright. switch the bucket.
Let's get the snake out of the room.
Is there an antidope here?
Yeah. yeah. it's getting the Huxmills for
me.
What is it called?
Antivinim. not antidope.
What's antidope mean?
I don't even know.
What's antidope?
That's like... Oh.
my fucking God.
No!
Goddamn.
Oh. fuck you guys!
Why are we the only ones in there now?
I don't know. dude.
Ah. got it!
Is Rab himself around?
Oh. no!
No!
Hello. my name's Johnny Knoxville.
Welcome to hell.
Please. no!
Seriously. there's a snake in that bucket.
so don't fucking swing around.
Well. where should I go?
What am I gonna do?
Oh. fuck!
So if we get bit. we die.
Are you serious?
Why the fuck would we go down to the
basement?
Dude. come on.
Knox. what the fuck?
Come on.
What the fuck?
I'm gonna break that fucking door down.
Get it. Aaron.
Did they just...
Fuck this shit!
Ah. fuck you guys!
All right. now go for the bucket.
And cue the snakes out.
Oh. shit!
Everyone. stay... guys. stay on the couch.
The fucking snake.
Bam.
Yeah.
You gotta be cool. man.
There's a fucking snake in here.
No. I don't know what to do.
Stay where you are.
All right.
Dude. it bit me. I think.
Jeff. bam. got bit.
No fucking shit.
I can't do it.
I just showed off.
Let's turn on lights. right?
That's it!
That's enough!
There's a snake. Dave.
Where are you. Aaron?
Aaron!
What the fuck?
How am I supposed to even help you.
Dave?
Just... I just need to
know you're there.
Fuck this!
Aaron!
Oh. I got a weapon now. motherfuckers.
I got a weapon.
Don't hit me. Aaron.
No. I got a weapon.
Aaron!
Don't hit me.
You fuckin'... Aaron.
don't fucking nut in me.
Damn nut in me.
Ow!
There's a door!
Dave. over here!
Dave. this way!
Yeah. right!
Fuck that door.
There's something bad over there probably.
No. I promise!
No. you don't know shit.
There's a door.
I just opened it.
I swear to God.
Oh. wow.
How convenient.
Come this way.
I swear to God. I'm not lying to you.
Open that door.
You're on your own then. fuck.
Ah!
Oh. fuck.
Aaron!
What the fuck is going on?
I can't even... I can't
even fuckin' do it.
What the fuck is this?
Ah!
Holy shit!
Motherfuckin'... Ah!
Ah!
Oh. my God!
Ow!
Fuckin' bitch!
Keep going to the right. Bam!
I don't trust you now!
If you got the fuckin'...
If Bam just got
bit... I got bit. Jeff!
Yeah. I'm gonna... Okay. I'm
done fuckin' with you. okay?
He's buzzing over there.
Here.
I'm done fuckin' with you.
I'm helping you.
Cause you got you... Bam.
You got snake bit.
We gotta get your medical attention.
Come on. Bam.
Come on. buddy.
Let's go.
Everybody. I'm done fuckin' around.
You gotta let... You
gotta open the door.
Okay.
Got... Okay.
Close it.
No!
That's it!
It got me!
Okay.
The snake got you?
Ah!
And the leg!
And the ribs!
And the leg and the ribs!
Please!
Fuck!
I'm gonna have a cardiac arrest.
Turn on the lights.
Okay. uh... Okay.
Welcome to the set. Bam Bam!
Zach!
You alright?
Holy shit!
I heard Zach just sound like he was
getting murdered in here.
I thought this was like the only way to
get out.
So I just climbed over it.
And then it broke.
Oh my god. man.
Did you think there was a snake in the
room?
Fuck yeah!
You thought you were getting bit?
Yeah!
Oh. fuck!
God!
This whole fucking place is probably
rigged.
It is. isn't it?
See. when I come up with my ideas.
I don't write them down.
I just draw a picture and fax it to Los
Angeles.
I just drew a picture of a fat ass and a
little guy with a bungee cord connected.
This is the bungee jump!
Are you ready. Preston?
Just go. just go!
Three...
Two...
One...
Yes!
Oh. my God.
Yes it is!
That worked perfect.
Oh. my God.
Hello. my name's Johnny Knoxville.
Welcome to our production of The
Marionettes.
I smell a Tony. let's go.
This drops the socks.
Fade in.
Timmy. 10 years old. a
pasty. dim-witted. but
unlikable boy. makes his
way through the town square.
He spots Dolores. 11 years old.
Dolores is pretty. like an old catcher's
mitt. and only has one nut.
Timmy.
Good morning. Dolores.
I want to take you to the dance.
but I heard Ugly Jeff ask you.
and I was shocked!
Timmy is hit with taser gun darts.
What?
No. fuck that!
Fuck this!
Don't be mad at me. be mad at the
narrator!
Stop it!
I'll fuck you!
Fuck!
Timmy!
Give me a second. Adam fucking Ray!
You're holding up the play!
How can I win her luck?
I sure could use a little help!
Up in the rafters. a cute but
soon-to-be-crabby Cupid appears.
Oh. fuck!
Cupid!
Timmy!
I'm shocked it took you so long to summon
me!
I'm gonna beat you. Chris!
Cupid is mercilessly shocked with a stun
baton. and then pelted with pineapples!
Okay!
Ah!
Pineapples!
What do pineapples have to do to happen?
Cupid then pulls the bow back on his love
arrow and shoots Dolores in the eye.
Oh!
Sorry!
I'm not Dolores. man!
I'm sorry!
Timmy!
Dolores!
You drive me crazy!
I feel like my heart is going to explode!
A large brick of
firecrackers is duct taped to
Timmy's chest. and
the very long fuse is lit!
Timmy's heart explodes like a cantaloupe!
And then. our two living
actors take their triumphant
final bows as Timmy
hangs there lifeless and limp!
The end!
Yay!
Two thumbs up!
Alright. well this is an opportunity that
I'm going to enjoy.
Mr. Knoxville. did you
choose to host Fear Factor for
the money. or because it
really turned you on creatively?
Tell the truth!
It turned me on creatively!
You cause you cause me!
Alright. here we go.
Poof!
I'm an old prick now.
Hello ladies.
Oh how you doing baby?
Alright.
He's got his gym dog out.
How are you ladies doing down here?
What you gonna do. watch it or watch us?
I came to watch you girls.
You ladies are going
to get all worked up. and
then hopefully old
Irving can swoop in there.
What's her name?
Irving.
Maybe some of these
ladies will want a serving
of Irving. if you
know what I'm saying.
I am!
He's harder than a horseshoe.
How hard are you?
I'm pretty loose right now. but I could
probably get it going.
He wanna see yours.
I want you to walk in the red carpet.
She wants to see mine?
Walk the red carpet.
I'll show her mine right now.
We're gonna make a walk the red carpet.
I'm gonna go. I'm gonna. I'm gonna walk
the red carpet.
Yeah. I'm gonna shake it.
Oh.
I don't know what the fuck is going on.
I'm Bam Margera. and I feel like kicking
my dad's ass all day today.
Come on. Bam.
I gotta go to work.
You're gonna stop it.
Come on. I gotta go to hell to work.
You're gonna die.
You're gonna stop it.
Should I be naked?
Like the dummy?
As long as you'll strap me in.
I'll do it.
Five. four. three. two. one.
Oh. shit.
Oh.
You're wrong.
Oh my god.
Yeah. I guess I will have to hold on like
a motherfucker.
It's weird to strap a dummy to a big
rocket and then see it go off.
And then say. alright.
Time for you to get on. Knox.
It's moments like these when you know
Johnny Knoxville is one gnarly dude.
I'm so glad I'm not the star of this moon.
Knoxville's gonna see what the moon's
gonna look like.
He is gonna go definitely 60 feet up in
the air.
He's gonna get annihilated.
But I don't want to tell him that.
You're gonna be just fine.
Hi. I'm Johnny Knoxville and this is my
big red rocket.
Five. four. three. two. one.
Go.
Ha. ha. ha. ha. ha. ha. ha. ha.
Holy shit.
Usually the rockets fell backwards and
forwards I was told. but those rockets
that came out the side.
if it had been like right
here. that'd been a picture
wrap on old Knoxville.
And now we're trying it again.
It's rocket launch take two.
I'm scared just watch.
I know. yeah.
I want a lance helmet.
I have a full-leg adrenaline.
This isn't the best idea ever.
Yes. it is.
I'm Johnny Knoxville and I'm going to the
moon!
Five. four. three.
two. one... Later!
Give us a thumbs up!
That's incredible!
Oh my God!
Alright. we're having a little party at
the office. but unfortunately Ron's in
there and he's in a terrible mood because
his wife left him again.
We're going to have to go cheer him up.
That's right.
Let's kill him with kindness. fellas.
Okay.
Alright. let's do it.
Let's go cheer up Ron.
Hey Ron. what do you say?
Hey. we just have a little cake and fun in
here.
Hey Ron. I heard about the break-up.
Yeah.
Oh. Ron.
Fucking Ron!
Hey Ron. come on... Ow!
Shit. Ron!
Ow!
I will fucking call HR.
Oh. that was horrible!
I'm trying to think he's racist.
Ron can perfume all over Jasper and he's
furious.
Yes!
Oh!
Oh no!
Well. that solves the office mystery about
who fucked Ron's wife.
I'm Steve-O.
Oh. fuck.
Why do I have to be Steve-O?
I'm Steve-O. and this is T-Ball.
I remember seeing the footage of the box
downstairs right after it was shot in the
editing room. and I always
wondered why it wasn't allowed to
be on TV. and then I found
out that it was too imitatable?
Yeah.
Duh.
Yeah. I got two herniated discs because of
the box downstairs.
We put a pillow in there. or two.
Yeah. thank you.
Thanks for those pillows.
Oh. man.
It killed.
Let's hurry up and do this.
Can you breathe?
Not well.
You ready?
Oh. no. I'm not.
That really hurt.
I want to see a playback.
At one point. it just took off.
Like. it actually got airborne.
In the first Olympics. they performed
naked.
Oh. yeah.
And we would like to do
one of the events from the first
Olympics. the high jump. and
if you would do it buck naked.
Okay.
And you know how they do it?
They kind of run at it. and then they kind
of turn.
Yeah. yeah.
Fosbury flop.
Yeah. the old Fosbury flop.
Yeah.
I think it's Dick Fosbury.
Oh. is that who invented it?
Yeah. and now we got big Dick Fosbury.
old Chris Pontius.
Chris Pontius. and this is the pole vault.
Wait. I fucked up.
My rhythm.
I'm Chris Pontius. and this is the pole
vault.
Ah. I totally fucked up.
Hey. we need to get some clean sound of
this.
Get it close.
Yeah.
The Tahitian dancer.
Detroit Muscle Rock.
I'm Chris Pontius. and this is the pole
vault.
Yeah. Chris.
You started jumping from too far back.
I think.
I know. I completely fucked up.
My angle was all wrong.
Here comes Dunn.
No fucking way. dude.
We just spent so much time getting ready.
Is there blue on me?
I am so happy.
There's a lot of blue.
Dude. that thing goes.
What's the word on. uh. butt x-ray?
There you go again.
Everyone's fucking seeing me.
I'm gonna do something.
I fucking never said I was gonna do it.
You know?
I didn't fucking commit to that.
What do they want you to do?
They want me to fucking start shoving shit
up my ass.
I thought that wasn't your idea?
No. it wasn't my idea.
I mean. I was always entertained by the
idea.
I never fucking said I'd do it.
You know?
So you're not doing that?
I fucking highly doubt it.
You know?
And if there's a fucking
problem with that. then maybe
someone else would start
shoving shit up their ass.
You know?
Now. I'm lubing up...
You can't see the car.
but... ...the little toy car.
Because I'm going to put it in my butt.
Just shove it the fuck off.
Oh. fuck.
Oh. fuck!
Dude. it feels so goddamn gross.
Really?
You know what?
I'm really questioning myself right now.
No.
Is it almost in?
It's in. dude.
It's in?
Yeah.
Oh. fuck.
I feel like I have to shit my ass.
I'm not too excited about this skit.
It's not my favorite I've ever done.
Because there's a toy car in my butt.
But this is the butt x-ray.
I think I need an x-ray.
Control?
Yeah.
Pretty good.
I'm right.
What can I do for you?
I was partying last night with some frat
guys.
I passed out.
I must have fallen down
and broken something.
because I hadn't been
able to walk right since.
We're going to take x-ray now.
Okay.
To be sure.
Oh.
This is comfy.
Hold your breath.
Hold on.
Oh. wow.
What is that?
It's a car.
A car?
What is that?
This is not a car. no?
The toy.
The toy car.
This is the wheel.
This is a toy car.
A toy car.
Let's go to the car.
What's that?
I have no idea.
This is not part of you.
It's something extra.
I would've known if I ate that.
No.
You wouldn't be able to swap that.
That's just a car toy.
How did a car toy get there?
Maybe you stuck it up your ass.
I didn't stick anything up my ass.
Have you ever seen anything like that?
No. I never seen that in death.
See. it's a toy car all over. but no.
never in somebody's rectum.
You can't get it out?
You don't have to?
No. I'm a physician. but I practice this.
x-ray only.
You think maybe I can just. you know.
poop it out?
You won't be able to poop it out.
In fact. it will hurt you.
In fact. I don't think it's even good for
you that you poop it out.
What will happen if you take x-lax?
Will that help?
No. if you take x-lax?
Well. he gets a lot of diarrhea.
but no cough.
What's out there?
He must do a drink. don't he?
I mean. don't show it to everybody.
You just go to the doctor.
You don't talk to anybody.
You don't tell anybody.
You're right.
He don't really know that too many people.
Appreciate it.
Thank you for taking care of him.
Thank you.
Thanks again.
I got to see it.
Squingent.
Still in your ass?
Yeah.
We gotta go to the hotel and pull this
thing out.
Hello. my name is Johnny Knoxville.
Welcome to the Dumb Dumb Game.
Part Deux. a.k.a.
Double Boom.
In this competition. our four competitors
and our special guest star. Paul Walter
Houser. are gonna sit in this hot seat and
answer trivia questions.
Everyone ready to get started?
Yeah!
Let's raise that.
All right.
Oh. boy. there's the double boom.
What the fuck?
Jasper. take a seat.
Yeah. Jasper.
All right. Jasper.
Where was your father. Dark Shark.
born?
Fuck.
What?
Dude. I'm trying to give you a softball.
I'm guessing. like. Crenshaw. Venice area?
South Central.
Oh!
Jesus Christ. Jasper.
That's all the same thing!
That's Shayboy.
You should be embarrassed.
Really. Jasper?
Okay. what is Jeff's last name.
our director?
Dickhead. not Jermaine. Jermaine.
God. just get out of the chair!
Yes. Jasper!
Paul. you realize you've already broke
into show business. right?
You don't need to be doing this.
This is like a make-a-wish if it were a
punishment.
I've seen worse asses. Jasper.
Thanks.
Send me the link.
How many Earths could fit inside our
blazing sun?
If you need to phone a friend.
you can ask Larry here.
Larry. do you know how many Earths could
fit inside of the sun?
Thinking. thinking. thinking.
Fuck. I'm horny.
Oh. Jesus!
Fuck off. Larry.
I'm going to say seven.
1.3 million.
I was going to say that.
Oh. boy.
Poopies!
Come on.
Oh. thank God I'm not last.
I don't think there is a last.
Poopies. it keeps going round and round.
Yeah. dumb.
Yeah.
Dude. are you dumb?
Aaron. your face is
ugly. so just... Ooh!
Wow!
Sick burn!
Oh. it smells...
How many colors make up the classic
rainbow?
Blue.
Yellow.
Orange.
Green.
Purple.
Red.
And... You got the spoopies.
White.
Oh. my God.
Lower it.
Let me just...
Wait. that's got to move over a little
more.
I'm sorry. I just had to shift it over a
little.
Oh. my God.
Okay.
Poopies.
What color are the shoes I'm wearing?
I can't see.
Oh. look.
What color are the shoes I'm wearing?
Red.
Wow!
Aaron's up!
Zach. you good?
Oh. yeah. I'm great.
This sucks. dude.
What the... Ugh!
Ugh!
Oh. my... Oh. God.
Oh. Jesus.
Please do not puke.
Stop it!
If you puke in his butt. it's seven years'
bad luck.
Okay. Aaron.
Who starred in and wrote the meter fairy?
Well. I'm the meter fairy.
That's... That would
be Aaron McGeehy.
Danger. Aaron. me.
Oh. final answer.
And that is the worst bit we've ever
filmed.
That's not cool. man.
Oh. man.
Oh!
Oh. my God!
We've got to give it up to Zach.
for sure.
Yeah. Zach!
That is it for the Dumb Dumb Game.
part two.
Some of my favorite bits are. like.
ones that just...
There's. like. we're sitting around.
we don't have anything to do.
And someone says. go get some super glue.
It's kind of like what happened with Brad
Pitt.
He was there to shoot Night Monkey.
And you're like. why don't we just kidnap
you?
And he said. okay.
And we had the presence of mind to call
the police department to let them know to
disregard 911 calls about Brad Pitt being
kidnapped.
I know this sounds really specific.
but Brad Pitt's going to be kidnapped.
But it's a joke.
It's a joke. Hollywood.
That would never happen.
Hi. I'm Brad Pitt. and I'm going to get
abducted.
All right. good.
See you out there.
One would slip.
Yo. Brad Pitt.
No shit.
No. Brad Pitt.
Oh. look at him. dude.
All right. all right.
Break. baby.
Get on the train. man.
What the fuck. man?
Get him. man.
Hey. hey. hey. hey.
Help!
Let's go.
Oh. shit.
Oh. fuck.
Oh. fuck. it's fucking fun.
I don't know why.
Was that Brad Pitt?
What just happened?
What the fuck?
Brad Pitt got kidnapped.
Yeah. Brad Pitt.
You see the drop?
Brad Pitt was in line. and he was just
kidnapped and thrown into a van.
I'm really not kidding.
Something was like grabbing my ass.
Trying to rip me out of the car.
You're really fighting to not get in.
kid.
You're a good actor. dude.
I'll fix you.
Hi. I'm Johnny Knoxville. and I'm going to
get hit by a car real soon.
Alright guys. we've got Tori Bileci from
Mythbusters.
So I've decided to try a trick for the
first time ever.
And frankly. I'm pretty nervous about it.
okay?
You ready?
You're not on the table. you might be
playing table tennis.
Wait. wait.
Can you?
You got this?
He's at five centimeters.
Oh. he's crowding!
Maybe you should have put the ping pong
ball off your ass and have puked it out.
I'm gonna get it. I'm gonna get it.
I don't know. this myth might be busted.
Okay. here's the thing. guys.
I put the ping pong ball in my mouth.
right?
Yeah.
Pretended to swallow it.
But I had already jammed a ping pong ball
off my ass.
Now I think I lost it.
A good magician never reveals his
strength.
It's our last day of filming after 25 years
and we haven't learned a goddamn thing.
Oh no. oh no. no!
You heard a ball falling.
Oh my god!
It fucking worked.
This is all flour for our friend Bam.
We are going to antique him when he gets
here.
What's up?
How much?
How you been?
High five!
Oh my God!
That was the best one. Sylvain.
Oh my God. this is my fucking ass.
He got inked.
That was so good.
Dude. that was so good.
Oh. good morning. man.
Good morning. man.
Howdy.
Goddamn.
You know we have that...
It looks like a shot collar for the neck.
but there's one for your cock?
Yeah.
Who B said he wants to try it to see if it
shocks.
I didn't say. but I will.
Oh. I thought you said it.
Okay.
You were like. yeah. that would be
awesome.
When did I say that?
You said... Yeah. you said sick.
Can someone go get the. uh. shot collar
for your penis?
Yeah.
Oh. excuse me. for Poopy's penis.
Hey. it's on there.
It looks like his dick's on house arrest.
I don't know why we decided to film this
on the side of a cliff.
Hi. I'm Poopies.
Oh!
I'm sorry.
Poopy's. I'm sorry.
No. I'm not doing it.
No. come on. Poopy's.
Poopy's. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
One more time.
One more time. I won't do it.
I'm Poopy's. and this is the balance beam
with a taser on my dick.
Oh!
Oh. fuck!
Hand on the beam.
Yeah. you gotta take your hand off the
beam.
Oh. fuck!
I'm fucking done.
I'm done.
I can't even think about anything else but
my dick right now.
Ditto.
Fuck!
I didn't even shock you.
What happened?
Mine's getting to me.
Because mine is still...
That would be a first.
That would be the first time I've ever had
this.
Yeah.
That'd be pretty good.
Come on.
Balance it. baby.
Oh!
Dude. you almost rolled down that cliff.
That's awesome.
Yeah.
Let's go to leave.
Jump out.
Oh!
The movie before that. 3D. Ryan Dunn was
MVP.
I feel like I've had some strong moments
in all of our installments. but I don't
think I could ever claim that I was
really. like. the MVP of them.
And when I learned that there
was going to be another chance.
I wanted desperately to
step up and just do the thing.
Yeah. I showed up to work for this one.
man. and the bar's been pretty high.
But. uh. I'll tell you this. my butthole
really hurts.
When you reach RAG. you've got to get a
colonoscopy. and that begins with drinking
this stuff that completely flushes you
out.
If you're not 50 and don't know.
it's a super laxative.
In just a few minutes. we're going to be
pooping violently while testing ourselves
with a game of dexterity. flexibility.
and stuff.
Game of human pretzel.
But thank God we have
these awesome fashions
to give you an inside
look of the action.
People don't got a lot of faith in you
that you're not puking in this bit. Lance.
No?
Not gonna happen?
All right.
Shall we play?
Okay. Stevo. we'll go first. okay?
Right hand orange.
Right there.
Oh!
Yuck. I'm lighting a lot of fire right
here.
Chris. left foot purple.
Sorry. Preston.
I just farted.
I tooted.
Oh. wow. that's very brave.
Oh. I think she spun it and said.
Chris. right foot pink.
Yeah. yeah.
Oh. look right into the eye of the storm.
Okay. left foot purple.
It's gonna be left foot brown real soon.
What's wrong. Lance?
Lance is getting sick.
Stevo. left foot pink.
Oh!
Oh. Dave.
You guys are doing great.
We got a leaker.
Uh-oh.
Oh. God!
Oh!
Would it be cute?
James. look for the road.
Oh no!
Oh!
Hold your bra.
Right hand green.
God damn it. she said right hand green.
How are you doing. Lance?
Still hanging in there?
I've never smelled poop that bad.
No.
Oh. my God!
He's still shit!
How did you not puke?
Steve-O is the winner of a human crutchel!
It's coming right now.
Oh. my God!
Get out of here!
Shout out. Steve-O.
Shout out.
Good job. Bubba!
Hey. what can I get today?
Two Budwezzers.
Cheers.
I don't know. go down to the beach or
something.
Tara!
All right.
What the fuck you doing?
Who the fuck are you?
Who are you?
I'm a freaking boyfriend. asshole.
That's cool. bud.
I'm her man-friend.
Dude. don't push me.
Don't push me.
I'm not even touching her.
You know. fuck both of you!
Fuck both of you!
So. me and I are taking a break.
No. no. no. no. no.
Hey. right in here.
What's up?
Fuck you!
Yeah. I told you to get the fuck away!
Whoa. whoa. whoa!
Don't push him. man!
Get out of the ground!
Freeze!
Everybody up against the wall!
What the fuck are you doing?
Get him up!
Freeze. motherfucker!
Get your hands behind your back!
Oh!
Let's go. man.
Get him down!
Cut off me!
Powering 54!
Paranatic!
Get the fuck off me!
Shut up!
Get him off me!
Get the fuck off me!
Shut up!
Oh. whoa. that's true.
Hey. boy.
Hey. come on!
Okay!
Oh!
That's what that was about!
Hey. that was shit!
What's all that's about?
I don't know what happened.
It's wild.
The cops came in. I can't believe it.
A little bit of shit.
Hello. I am Johnny the Magnificent.
Today I'm going to wow you with my supreme
skills of prestidigitation.
Oh. fuck.
Oh. God.
Oh. no.
Oh. shit.
What?
Oh. fuck.
Oh. my God.
Holy shit.
Woo-hoo!
Abracadabra.
You left your hat out there.
Did we get it?
Take two.
God. I hate take two with bulls.
Oh. man.
We saw Knox dancing around with a bull.
But we know the hit that the bull gave
Knox wasn't the one Knox wanted.
It was close. but it wasn't the one.
What do you think?
Maybe take two?
Oh. dude.
Fuck. man.
Cuidado!
This one's twice the size.
Oh. my.
That's real.
Oh. dude.
Oh. shit.
I don't want to fucking watch this.
man.
All right. are we good?
Hello.
I'm Johnny the Magnificent.
Today. I'm going to wow you with my
supreme skills of prestidigitation.
Oh. shit.
Oh. no.
There we go.
Oh. that one worked.
That one worked.
Yeah.
Are you okay?
You all right?
He's calm.
You all okay?
Johnny?
He's coming. buddy.
He's coming. too.
You all right?
That was a violent brawl.
One-sided. to be sure.
Fucking gnarly. dude.
Yeah.
Should we get you?
You got exactly what you wanted.
Oh. fuck.
So what happened after it hit me?
Dude. it's gnarly.
This is you.
This is the bull.
He didn't even mess around. dude.
He turned around and just nailed it.
You know what he's saying?
It's probably the biggest hit you've ever
hit.
That's why he is the captain.
That bull didn't like fucking magic.
Love you!
Concussions aren't great.
But as long as you have them before you're
50. it's cool.
And Knoxville's 49.
So we're good.
Hello. I'm Johnny Knoxville.
And this is the escape room from hell.
There are three different rooms.
You have to solve puzzles in each room to
get to the next.
Godspeed.
All right. wee man.
To get to the next room. you'll have to
reach through that wall to find a special
jackass coin.
I don't know.
Fucking hold my hand and go.
Go!
Fucking put it in there!
I don't want to hold your hand.
What the fuck is that?
What's it feel like?
I don't know.
I can't tell.
I put my hand in it and I feel shit.
Dave!
Come on. Dave.
Get in there. Dave.
Scoop.
Reach down.
Put your arm all the way and go down.
Scoop.
Go in and down.
What the fuck is that?
It's a butthole.
Oh!
My finger went in it.
Get that coin.
Okay.
You gotta reach in deep and scoop.
Is it in your butthole?
Oh!
Yeah!
They got the coin!
Oh my God.
They got more than the coin.
Oh dude. my finger... I jammed my finger...
Oh. I can smell the shit on your hand.
Looks like you guys solved the puzzle.
I think we're moving to the next room.
Okay. Dave.
This next puzzle is for you.
What's gonna happen to me?
Well. if you solve the puzzle.
nothing.
You have to correctly guess four animal
sounds to stop this.
To save Dave.
Are we ready?
Wait. you're going heel?
Yeah. heel.
Oh shit.
Okay.
No. dude.
Oh my God.
What sound does a dog make?
Okay. good job.
What sound does a cat make?
Wow. they're doing really good.
What sound does a hard bark make?
No?
No. they don't make a sound.
They don't sound.
Okay. okay. okay.
I got that right.
Nice!
Yeah. baby!
You just need one more.
What sound does a cassowary make?
Cassowary...
That's incorrect!
Goddamn!
Dude. what the fuck?
I think that's the sound of a cassowary.
That is correct.
That is the sound of a cassowary make.
I think we can go to the final room.
It's done. Dave.
David's done.
I'm like...
In this bit. Aaron will sit in this comfy
electric chair that we built for.
Wait. what?
You have all these jumper cables.
You have to get the right jumper cables on
the right thingies.
Then you come up here and you turn this
down.
How do we know we got the right ones?
Because if you don't have the right ones.
Aaron is going to get shocked.
Have you ever done an escape room?
Fuck no. fuck that shit.
You do it?
I have it.
You're done an escape room?
Yeah.
It's a team building exercise.
Alright. Aaron.
Get in your love seat.
Let's close the doors and please start the
game.
Just give him a little shot now.
Ow!
Hey. guys.
Sorry. that was a mistake.
Fuck!
Fuck.
What's that?
Fuck that.
Fuck. dude.
You guys can start now.
Fuck. what are we doing?
Here's seven.
This one's four.
I don't know where four is.
Fucking figure it out. you guys.
Where two at?
Seven though.
Two's right here.
You guys are getting close.
No. wait.
Get that last one right there.
Are they all in place?
Damn it.
Okay. whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
Calm down.
They're right now.
No. it's numbers.
It's numbers.
He had it wrong.
Not numbers. guys.
Okay. do the thing.
He's gonna get shocked.
No. he's not.
Turn it off.
Okay.
Oh.
Y'all killed him. man.
Fuck.
Y'all killed him. bro.
All right. Dave.
Dave. get the thing.
Get him out.
What happened?
Hey. what the fuck?
Get out of here!
What the fuck?
Fuck!
Hey. he's trying to let you out!
Dude. the horn.
Who's got the horn?
Fuck this fucking shit!
Fuck!
Fuck this fucking gun!
Oh. my God!
Well. I think that's it for the escape
room from hell.
Wait. we're done?
Oh. my God.
Fuck this fucking gun.
You got out of the escape room.
Did we get a therapist after this shit.
man?
Did we get a therapist?
Good job.
Goddamn. y'all fucked me up. man.
And you put your hand in Zack's ass.
Oh. way. way up his ass. dude.
Fuck you guys!
Fuck this fucking place!
There were headlines
on the internet that you
said this jackass film
will be the last one ever.
After you said that about
every single jackass movie.
do you think anyone's
gonna take that seriously?
As much as I fucking hate to say it...
Don't say it!
I'm getting emotional!
Don't!
I'll keep my case of which I'm certain.
I've lived a life that's cool.
I've traveled each and every highway.
More. much more than this.
I did it my way.
For what is a man?
What has he got?
If not himself. then he has not.
But to say the things he truly feels...
And not the words of one who knew...
Hello. I'm Johnny Nashville. and this is
the end!
Yes. it was mine.
..
We did it!
What the fuck?
Alright guys. let's make this clear.
Let's listen to this.
Don't know where you are.
Oh. you got ripped!
No!